h1. FancyBox

FancyBox is a rails plugin wrapper for a jquery plugin wit the same name. It's essentialy installs and gives you helper methods for using in your views. You can find the original documentation at : http://fancy.klade.lv/. Once you install you can also call it from jquery as well.

h1. Installation

# run rake fancy_box:install:all
# somewhere in the head of your page, put <%= include_fancy_box %>
# That's it!

h1. Usage

To use it for inline content or remote content do:

    link_to_box "Some div", "#some-div"
    #OR
    link_to_box "google", "http://google.com"
    #OR
    link_to_box "some page", "/some/page"
    #OR to override the default fancy_box class
    link_to_box "some box", "#some-box", :box_class => "small" 

NOTE : you can also do:

    link_to "Some div", "#some-div", :class => "fancy"

To use it for images do:

    link_to_image "special.jpg"
    #OR to add in a caption
    link_to_image "special.jpg", :title => "special image"

To create an image gallery with fancy boxes do:

    fancy_gallery "one.jpg", "two.jpg"
    #OR to add captions
    fancy_gallery "one.jpg:first picture", "two.jpg:second picture"

All the methods use standard link_to options, there are just there to save you some precious keystrokes.

NOTE : if you use a base reset css stylesheet, it will not render the caption properly, this might be due to the fact that you have td styled with vertical-align: baseline, MAKE SURE that you find that somewhere in your stylesheet and remove it or comment it out.

h1. fancy_box method

The fancy_box helper method simply generates an inline div that allows you to add a title as well. 

EXAMPLE : 

     fancy_box :title => "My Special Box" do
      <p>This is my special box with content</p>
     end

OPTIONS :

  :title => "A title for your fancy_box"
  :title_tag => The tag that will wrap the title, defaults to h3
  :title_options => html options for your title_tag
  :options => standard html options

This plugin covers the 80% use case, that basically means that it will help you create fancy boxes using convention over configuration, if you need to configure fancy_box open up load_fancybox.js and add your own settings.

h1. Credits

* based off of the fancy_box jquery plugin by : http://fancy.klade.lv/

Copyright (c) 2009 Vann Ek, released under the MIT license
